Hahahaha
Are you delusional?
Which customer service to call?
10086? Hahaha, hundreds of billions of cash will enter the market immediately.
In dialect, only the royal vault has this cash reserve in the entire building
Hello
Just wait and see.
According to the rules of the hero
Regulatory restrictions on high assets
Even the Chen family's controllable cash flow that day was only 100 yuan
Even if it's my other identity, the Valley Master of Lu Shengu
The controllable cash flow on the day of the hero is only more than 4,000 yuan
Lin Ke is so domineering
Oh, I used to think of you as an enemy
It seems that you were lucky before
I thought you really had two brushes
I didn't expect you to be a complete idiot
Hey bosses
I can prove it.
This Ye Linghan is lucky
If he can really mobilize 500 billion a day
Why are you still working at the stall?
It's Ye Linghan
Now that General Xia has confirmed his true nature
Then what are your concerns? It is better to directly oppose him.
Who is going to apply for him?
This
This is your 500 billion cash verification card
What 500 billion cash verification card?